# Privacy Policy

Last updated: May 09, 2022

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

# Interpretation and Definitions

## Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

## Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- __Account__ means a unique account created by Discord for You.

- __Application__ means the software program provided by the Company used by You or your Guild, named Botter

- __Company__ (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Botter.

- __Country__ refers to: Brazil

- __Device__ means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.

- __Personal Data__ is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

- __Service__ refers to the Application.

- __Service Provider__ means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.

- __Usage Data__ refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, your Discord id).

- __You__ means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

- __Guild__ means a Discord server and it's staff.

# Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

## Types of Data Collected

### **Personal Data**

While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

- Usage Data
- Guild Data
- Chat Data

### **Usage Data**

Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.

Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

Usage Data may also include information such as:

- Username
- User discriminator
- User Id
- Your pronouns

Temporarily we also store:

- User avatar
- Messages

We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.

### **Guild Data**

Guild Data is collected when You add Us to an Guild.

Guild Data may include information such as:

- Guild name
- Guild Id
- Guild Owner Id
- Members nicknames and their past
- Members roles

__Case Log__ if the Guild find necessary to apply any punishment to any member, We will log the case in in our database and in a channel that you may not have access to, the data may include:

- User Id
- Any information provided by the Guild staff

__Message Logs (Must be enabled in the Guild)__ the Botter will copy deleted and edited messages to a channel that you may not have access to.

### **Chat Data**

Chat Data is collected when You use the chat functionality.

Chat Data may include information such as:

- Message content

Optional Data (Must be enabled in the Guild):

- Message attachments
- Message reactions
- Levels of toxicity in the message (Using the [Perspective API](https://policies.google.com/privacy))

## Use of Your Personal Data

The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

- __To provide and maintain our Service__, including to monitor the usage of our Service.
- __To manage Your Account:__ to manage Your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered user.
- __To contact You:__ To contact You by email or Discord.
- __To manage Your requests:__ To attend and manage Your requests to Us, including application commands sent via discord.

- __For business transfers:__ We may use Your information to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by Us about our Service users is among the assets transferred.
  
- __For other purposes__: We may use Your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Service, products, services, marketing and your experience. 

We do not share Your Personal Data with third-parties for their own purposes without Your consent, exept to the extent necessary to provide the Service.

## Retention of Your Personal Data

The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.


## Transfer of Your Personal Data

Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.

The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.

## Disclosure of Your Personal Data

### Business Transactions

If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.

### Law enforcement

Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

### Other legal requirements

The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

- Comply with a legal obligation
- Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
- Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
- Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
- Protect against legal liability

## Security of Your Personal Data

The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.

# Your Rights

## Access to Your Personal Data

You have the right to request a copy of the Personal Data We have on You. You may exercise this right by sending us an email at Jpedrobm0@gmail.com or by contacting us at [Discord](https://discord.gg/SjzJKBKJB2).

## Right to Rectification

You have the right to request that We correct or amend Your Personal Data if You believe that it is inaccurate or incomplete. You also have the right to request that We withdraw Your consent for future processing of Your Personal Data.You may exercise this right by sending us an email at Jpedrobm0@gmail.com or by contacting us at [Discord](https://discord.gg/SjzJKBKJB2).

## Right to Erasure

You have the right to request that We erase Your Personal Data, under certain conditions. The majority of the Personal Data stored in our database will be deleted or anonymized. The only Personal Data that will remain will be your User Id. You may exercise this right by sending us an email at Jpedrobm0@gmail.com or by contacting us at [Discord](https://discord.gg/SjzJKBKJB2).

## Related to Guild Data

For Guild related data, the guild __owner__ has the right to:

- __Request Access__: to access the data
- __Request Rectification__: to correct the data
- __Request Erasure__: to erase the data

This includes, but is not limited to:

- Guild Settings
- Guild Members Data
- Guild Cases

# Detailed Information on the Processing of Your Personal Data

The Service Providers We use may have access to Your Personal Data. These third-party vendors collect, store, use, process and transfer information about Your activity on Our Service in accordance with their Privacy Policies.


## Usage, Performance and Miscellaneous
We may use third-party Service Providers to provide better improvement of our Service.

- __Discord__ Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at [https://discord.com/privacy](https://discord.com/privacy)

- __Perspective Api__ (If enabled, will send the message content anonymously): Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at [https://policies.google.com/privacy](https://policies.google.com/privacy)

- __Google SafeBrowsing__ (If enabled, will send urls found in messages): Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at [https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/](https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/)

- __Ravy Api__ (If enabled, will send urls found in messages): Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at [https://aero.bot/api-privacy](https://aero.bot/api-privacy)

- __Discord Rep__: Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at [https://discordrep.com/privacy](https://discordrep.com/privacy)


# Children's Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.

If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.

# Links to Other Websites

Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

# Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

# Translation Interpretation

This Privacy Police may have been translated if We have made them available to You on our Service.
You agree that the original English text shall prevail in the case of a dispute.

# Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

- By email: jpedrobm0@gmail.com.
- By Discord: [Discord](https://discord.gg/SjzJKBKJB2).